# ECE548 Cyber Threats & Security Management Final Project
## Facial Recognition Presentation Attack Defense Through Liveness Detection
---    
Biometric use for authentication and identification of individuals has become a common occurrence in the modern world. Facial recognition is one of the most commonly used biometrics. Facial recognition systems are commonly used in border control to identify travelers, in surveillance systems to identify criminals, in banks to identify users of ATMs, and in personal computers and smartphones for user authentication. Facial recognition systems have seen many technological advancements in recent years. However, there are vulnerabilities to these systems that are a point of concern. One such vulnerability is the presentation attack. The details of the presentation attack and the defense schemes to mitigate this vulnerability are the focus of this project. The objective is to propose viable solutions to implement presentation attack detection and defense. An end to end system implementing a liveness detection approach for presentation attack defense will be the result of this project. Lessons expected by tying this project with the course include knowledge of the facial recognition presentation attack, strategies for detection of the presentation attack, presentation attack defense algorithms and their feasibility in real-world applications, and the implications of facial recognition vulnerabilities on device security, and physical security in relation to user authentication, access control, and identity management.